practically but things have changed
because for example the music system the
music cultures on music system is now
out of the common room I asked the guys
that raised amazing sister this episode
is a system somebody told me commented
one of my contemporaries that technology
has overtaken that culture you don't
need a music sister is a fine then go to
every Hall if we do have a music system
I said that's another issue that's
another issue because it is a conscience
so after after dinner you go to the
common room we put our favorite go to
California or in Hindi the appeal to up
to a jar and then if they have a cash
that's the culture we all of us go and
there listen it's wonderful and I guess
you'll had records of that time required
players to play your record he had the
lp turntable exactly return it we had a
turntable done that's records are still
there the library they were saying LP
record in his room it's just in there so
we're talking about music let's come to
anthem of the Institute it was composure
on your time so can you just hum or sing
it few lines froze the starting to unite
yeah it was come for it was written by a
friend of mine and then you just put it
was translated to six different
languages each stanza okay that was set
to tune by knee it goes like this yo yo
ma show
00 Shalom they'll sing together no half
of everything ok and the other half is
you yah my show Oh shallow place in a
good my show 3 but in a yoga class
Kayla sanskriti Hanukkah montage if you
wanna meet Joe no craft Yvonne Yvonne it
and unlock a lot mikami be sure the main
up you know the minute a low-key Minaj a
vote i mention it I can't
when there are the most answers it
finishes time is speaking out of both
here and there are 50 rent is a first
thing probably lying to ya but it's
their eyes tomtom para this in your
bones yeah since then anything else
would you like to share about your time
time with us anything that has
introduced this so fun you would like to
convey some message home to people who
are watching this video you would like
to tell them something something which
is which you want to tell them which you
want them to realize for them if you
want them to realize that anything
anything that you will what I would like
to say is this is the best part of spent
in my life these 10 years so make the
best use of it as best as you can well
this days will never come back nowadays
in office there's so much tension this
10 years or whatever for years / us
tension free so enjoy to the fullest but
also but also utilize it utilize it for
your professional for your carriers
let's say I will enjoy it enjoy to the
same time make use of it when you people
are fortunate to get into a place of the
stature of this one so make use of it
can enjoy it
thank you so thank you very much